I'm Peppa Pig. This
is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Gardening!
Peppa and George are playing at
Granny Pig and Grandpa Pig's house.
Grandpa! Catch!
Catch!
What's this?
Dine-Saw! Grrrrr!
A dinosaur!
Grandpa, What are you doing?
I'm planting these seeds.
Seeds? What do seeds do?
Seeds grow into plants.
I just make a little hole
and put the seed in.
Then I cover it With earth
and Water it.
Everything in my garden
grows from tiny seeds
like these.
Even the big apple tree?
Oh! Yes!
This tiny seed...
...Will grow into
a little apple tree, like this.
Oooh.
And that little apple tree
Will grow into a big apple tree like this.
Ouch!
Mmmm !
And inside this apple are more seeds.
To make more apple trees!
Exactly!
Grandpa! Grandpa!
I Want to plant a seed!
Would you like to plant
a strawberry seed?
Yes, please!
This seed Will grow into
a Iovely strawberry plant.
First, make a little hole.
Then I put the seed in
and cover it With earth.
Shall I Water it for you?
No! No! I Want to Water it.
Good! Now We
Wait for it to grow.
Peppa and George are Waiting
for the seed to grow.
It's not doing anything!
You Will have
to be patient, Peppa.
It Will take a long time
to grow.
Peppa! George!
It's time to go home.
But We're Waiting for
my strawberry plant to grow!
I Wanted strawberries for teas.
Don't Worry, Peppa.
Next time you come,
the seed Will have
grown into a plant.
And We Will have
strawberries!
Yes.
Come on, Peppa.
Bye bye, Grandpa.
Bye bye, strawberry.
Grandpa Pig looks after
Peppa's strawberry plant.
After many days,
Grandpa Pig finds a tiny plant growing.
Day by day, the plant
grows bigger and bigger.
Then one day, Grandpa Pig
finds something very special.
Strawberries!
Grandpa! We're back!
Peppa and George have
come to play again.
Grandpa! Grandpa!
Did my plant grow?
Yes! Look!
Oooo!
Strawberries!
Thank you, Grandpa!
Grandpa, can We plant
something else?
Yes! Now, it's George's
turn to choose.
Yes! You choose, George.
Choose... a carrot!
Grandpa, I think George
Wants to grow a carrot.
George, Would you
like to grow a carrot?
No!
What Would you like to grow?
George has thought of
something he Wants to grow.
Dine-Saw!
George Wants to
grow a dinosaur tree!
Silly George!
Dinosaurs don't grow on trees.
Dine-saw. Grrrrr....
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.